This is too much.
How can they be so ungrateful?
Since His Majesty woke up,
you haven’t visited him at all.
Isn’t that inappropriate?
I wouldn’t mention that ungrateful emperor.
But just thinking about it makes me furious.
Are you going to the Yangxin Hall?
Ah.
It seems there’s no hope of leaving the palace.
His Majesty needs to take his medicine.
Has Consort Rong visited the Yangxin Hall recently?
Doesn't he know that I’m suffering inside?
Has it been raging like this?
Uh, maybe recently,
the Consort has been exhausted from taking care of His Majesty.
She must be very tired.
The Consort is certainly worried about His Majesty as well.
Perhaps she’s also unable to sleep, thinking about him.
Is it that serious?
Then I’ll go and see her.
What’s going on?
Ah.
What happened? Continue the music.
Continue, Your Highness.
What’s wrong with the Consort?
Get up quickly.